feat: add listeningOrigin fastify immutable instance property (#4586) (#4674)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Server.md

})
```

### listeningOrigin
<a id="listeningOrigin"></a>

Immutable instance property indicating the current origin the server

> is listening to, e.g.: `http://127.0.0.1:3000`.

Reviewer: Maybe append the Unix socket example, otherwise might be a surprise for some people

> 
> Immutable instance property indicating the current origin the server
> is listening to, e.g.: `http://127.0.0.1:3000`, `fastify.temp.sock`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The current origin the server is listening to.
For example, a TCP socket based server returns
a base address like `http://127.0.0.1:3000`,
and a Unix socket server will return the socket
path, e.g. `fastify.temp.sock`.

```
